This mod has several configurable options. They are included here.
The mod ships with recommended defaults.

Note: after a level load, you may need to use "Y" button to swap weapons
      to reestablish the weapons in hands. Do this if they're floating.

The gestures section. 
- This provides melee swings. Swing from left to right or right to left 
  for normal melee and combos. Your hits cannot be faster than the 
  equipped weapon's speed stats. You can swing daggers faster than hammers.
- The shield is used by holding the shield up to your head. You should see
  the block UI. 
- Charge attacks are possible by holding the controller to your head
  and feeling it vibrate, hold it to charge and release it down
  to swing. If you hold it too long, it will auto release.
- Two handed swords you block holding the sword pointing counter clockwise
  like at 9:00 position (to the left). You will see the block UI.
- When dual wielding with 1 melee weapon and 1 ranged, the ranged weapon 
  aims where the melee weapons will hit (and controls the UI).
- When wielding a 2 handed sword, always in right hand, the left hand actually
  aims the strike locations and points at loot etc. This allows you to block
  without the UI moving off to the side or your swings to change where 
  your hits occur.
- When charging a melee weapon, the other hand is used to aim the charge
  because otherwise the charge aims at the sky.

There are some minor cheats included you can enable or disable.
These are health regen and essence regen. When enabled, these
things will regen without having to constantly eat food or camp.
Default is full regen in 60 seconds, so 1.66% per second. Setting
to 0% turns this off.

Ranged aim has been tightened up so things like wand shots now
go where you're aiming instead of seemingly being random. When
wielding two ranged weapons, aim changes to the last hand fired.

Grimoire you can use right stick up, down, left, right for X Y A B
when holding down the left trigger with grimoire equipped.

If the weapon hooks appear to stop working, you can toggle the
loadout using Y and it *should* be restored.

Recommended game menu changes:
Under Game:
 Disable aim assist, turn all head bobbing and camera shake to off,
 power attack canceling off, sprint mode to hold if you're using the mod's
 remaps at all.
Under UI:
 Disable HUD Shake
Under Accessibility:
 Disable animated camera strength
 Set sprint toggle to "toggle" not "hold" if using the right stick
 up remap.
Under controller:
 Disable vibration (let the mod handle this)
 Main Hand and Off Hand actions must remain RT and LT (defaults).
